introducing the Recaro young sport car
seats suitable from 9 kilograms to 36
kilograms or approximately normal to 12
years this seat has fully from evil and
washable covers at 30 degrees is packed
with features that the removable padded
insert adjustable headrests grow with
your child and fan side protection given
the charm mores protection in the event
of a side impact the five-point integral
harness keeping your child in the car
seat nice and secure and not forgetting
the alarm in the buckle now this alarm
is there so when your child trying to
get out of the car seat
you'll find it bleeps five times telling
you that are trying to escape now to
loosen harness first of all you have the
silver button in here pushing it down
and I find what the hunter loosened nice
and easy
remembering the bleep on the buckle
unclip it and you'll find it makes it a
lot easier for you to get the child in
and out of the car seat now to adjust
the headrest I'll turn it around for you
and you'll find you've got this yellow
button here all you have to do is pull
that out at the same time pull up and
you'll find the headrest will then be
adjusted as the child grows now to clip
the child back in or we do get both
buckles clip them together and then clip
it in to pull the harness nice and tight
once you're going to get your strap here
just pull and that tightens nice and
easily now I'll show you how to fit the
seat the seat is fitted using the car
three-point seatbelt to fit it from 9
kilograms to 18 kilograms to seat boat
goes straight through the middle of the
seat coming behind the fabric following
the red guides at the same time which is
come behind the fabric you then clip it
into the buckle
pull that tight still Cuban seatbelt
behind the fabric come up into the red
clip closest to the door in the car once
you've done that pull nice and tight set
the clip down just like so now at the
same time you have got these two knobs
here these are there for the tensioner
and the recliner set me twist until you
can twist no more and that will then be
the car seat in the car nice and secure
bearing on one buckle crunch we need to
make sure nope I just clip here it's
going around this plastic at the curve
of the seat here because if it is this
will make it very unsafe in the car now
let's take a seat out so we push this
red clip here and you'll find us then
released really easy take your seat all
out
unclip it from the buckle and then the
seatbelt go back into its normal
position now to fit the seat from 18 to
36 kilograms make sure the harness is
taken out first the seat belt certainly
comes across the list of one lap section
of the belt comes through the two of our
guides first of all make sure there's no
twists in the belts and then into the
buckle once into the buckle comes up
into the black clip pull nice and tight
that would then be the child and a car
seat in the car nice and secure barring
a man buckle crunch making sure no part
of clip here is touching any part of the
car around here exhibit is this will
make it very unsafe from the car now to
take you see our again sending out the
black clip first of all unclip it from
the buckle out from the two leg guides
and then let the seat belt go back into
its normal position now that's your
Recaro young sports car seat